<TEI.2 id="anx2" lang="sl-en">
<teiHeader id="anx2.H" type="text"
  creator="ET" status="update"
  date.created="1999-03-31" date.updated="2002-04-01">
<fileDesc>
 <titleStmt>
  <title lang="sl">Evropski sporazum - Priloga II</title>
  <title lang="en">Europe Agreement - Annex II</title>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Jasna Belc, SVEZ</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Zagotovitev digitalnega originala</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Provision of digital original</resp>
  </respStmt>
  <respStmt>
   <name>&Scaron;pela Vintar, FF</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Poravnava</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Alignment</resp>
  </respStmt>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Peter Holozan, Amebis</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Leksikalne oznake</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Lexical annotation</resp>
  </respStmt>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec, IJS</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Tokenizacija, tagiranje, pretvorba v TEI</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Tokenisation, tagging, conversion to TEI</resp>
  </respStmt>
 </titleStmt>
 <editionStmt><edition>Version 2.0</edition></editionStmt>
 <extent>483 Kb, 25 kW</extent>
 <publicationStmt>
  <distributor lang="sl">
    Odsek za inteligentne sisteme
    Institut "Jo&zcaron;ef Stefan"
    Jamova 39
    1000 Ljubljana
  </distributor>
  <distributor lang="en">
    Dept. of Intelligent Systems,
    Jozef &Scaron;tefan Institute
    Jamova 39
    SI-1000 Ljubljana
    Slovenia
  </distributor>
  <pubPlace><xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/></pubPlace>
  <availability>
   <p lang="en">
    This bi-text of the IJS-ELAN corpus is freely available, provided that the 
    the sources described in this Header are acknowledged.
    Copyright of the two digital originals for this corpus held by SVEZ:
    Office of the Government of the Republic of Slovenia for European Affairs</p>
   <p lang="sl">
    To vzporedno poravnano besedilo korpusa IJS-ELAN je prosto dostopno, 
    pod pogojem, da se citira njegove vire, dokumentirane v tej glavi.
    Avtorske pravice nad digitalnima originaloma tega besedila pripadajo SVEZ:
    Slu&zcaron;ba Vlade RS za evropske zadeve</p>
   </availability>
 </publicationStmt>
 <sourceDesc>
  <listBibl>
   <bibl lang="sl" default="YES">
    <title>Evropski sporazum o pridru&zcaron;itvi med republiko slovenijo na eni strani in evropskimi skupnostmi in njihovimi dr&zcaron;avami &ccaron;lanicami, ki delujejo v okviru evropske unije na drugi strani</title>
    <date value="1996-06-10">10. junij 1996</date>
    <pubPlace>Luksemburg</pubPlace>
   </bibl>
   <bibl lang="en" default="NO">
    <title>Europe Agreement Establishing an Association Between the European Communities and their Member States, Acting within the Framework of the European Union, of the One Part, and the Republic of Slovenia, of the Other Part</title>
    <date value="1996-06-10">June 10. 1996</date>
    <pubPlace>Luxembourg</pubPlace>
   </bibl>
  </listBibl>
 </sourceDesc>
 </fileDesc>
 <encodingDesc>
  <projectDesc>
   <p>This text is part of the LJU1 site contribution to the
    EU MLIS project ELAN: European Language Activity Network.
    For more information see the IJS-ELAN homepage
    <xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/>.
   </p>
  </projectDesc>
  <editorialDecl>
   <normalization>
    <p>Typography codes and ToC information removed; Quotes normalised to ", list bullets to -.</p>
    <p>This document was originally formatted as a table. For easier processing large 
     segments of text containing nummerical data were omitted.</p>
   </normalization>
   <segmentation>
    <p>The digital original was segmented and aligned with 
     <xref url="http://www.atril.com/">Atril</xref> and the alignments hand corrected.</p>
    <p>Tokenisation into word and character (punctuation) elements
     was performed by the MULTEXT program mtlex with MULTEXT-East Slovene
     segmentation resources.</p>
   </segmentation>
   <interpretation>
    <p>Words automatically marked with context disambiguated lemma and
     MULTEXT-East morphosyntactic description. English words
     additionally tagged with BROWN-like tagset by two taggers (TnT,QTAG).</p>
   </interpretation>
  </editorialDecl>
  <tagsDecl>
   <tagUsage gi="text" occurs="3"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="group" occurs="1"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="body" occurs="2"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="seg" occurs="2382"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="w" occurs="24523"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="c" occurs="4640"></tagUsage>
  </tagsDecl>
 </encodingDesc>
 <revisionDesc>
  <change>
   <date>1999-05-16</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name>
    <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>V1.0 Header</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>1999-06-22</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Some more errors of tokenisation corrected;
     Availability statement changed.</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2001-09-06</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Slovene texts tagged with TnT trained on "1984" and
     bettered with other resources. English texts also tagged with TnT 
     trained on "1984" and additionaly with TnT trained on the Penn Treebank
     and QTag email service.
   </item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2002-04-01</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Recoded in P4/XML and prepared V2.0 for distribution.
   </item>
  </change>
 </revisionDesc>
</teiHeader>

  <text id="anx2." lang="sl-en">
    <group>
      &anx2-sl;
      &anx2-en;
    </group>
  </text>
</TEI.2>
