<TEI.2 id="ecmr" lang="sl-en">
<teiHeader id="ecmr.H" type="text"
  creator="ET" status="update"
  date.created="1999-04-13" date.updated="2002-04-01">
<fileDesc>
 <titleStmt>
  <title lang="sl">Ekonomsko ogledalo; 13 &scaron;tevilk 98/99</title>
  <title lang="en">Slovenian Economic Mirror; 13 issues, 98/99</title>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Andrej Skubic, FF</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Zagotovitev digitalnega originala, poravnava</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Provision of digital original, alignment</resp>
  </respStmt>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Peter Holozan, Amebis</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Leksikalne oznake</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Lexical annotation</resp>
  </respStmt>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec, IJS</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Tokenizacija, tagiranje, pretvorba v TEI</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Tokenisation, tagging, conversion to TEI</resp>
  </respStmt>
 </titleStmt>
 <editionStmt><edition>Version 2.0</edition></editionStmt>
 <extent>4056 Kb, 239 kW</extent>
 <publicationStmt>
  <distributor lang="sl">
    Odsek za inteligentne sisteme
    Institut "Jo&zcaron;ef Stefan"
    Jamova 39
    1000 Ljubljana
  </distributor>
  <distributor lang="en">
    Dept. of Intelligent Systems,
    Jozef &Scaron;tefan Institute
    Jamova 39
    SI-1000 Ljubljana
    Slovenia
  </distributor>
  <pubPlace><xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/></pubPlace>
  <availability>
   <p lang="en">
    This bi-text of the IJS-ELAN corpus is freely available, provided that the 
    the sources described in this Header are acknowledged.
    Copyright of the two digital originals for this corpus held by the
    Institute of Macroeconomic Analysis and Development of the Republic of Slovenia.</p>
   <p lang="sl">
    To vzporedno poravnano besedilo korpusa IJS-ELAN je prosto dostopno, 
    pod pogojem, da se citira njegove vire, dokumentirane v tej glavi.
    Avtorske pravice nad digitalnima originaloma tega besedila pripadajo
    Uradu Republike Slovenije za makroekonomske analize in razvoj.</p>
   </availability>
 </publicationStmt>
 <sourceDesc>
  <listBibl>
   <bibl lang="sl" default="YES">
    <title>Ekonomsko ogledalo, 1 - 11/98; 1,2/99</title>
    <date value="1998/1999">1998/1999</date>
    <publisher>Urad Republike Slovenije za makroekonomske analize in razvoj</publisher>
    <xptr url="http://www.gov.si/zmar/arhiv/kazalo.html"/>
   </bibl>
   <bibl lang="en" default="NO">
    <title>Slovenian Economic Mirror, 1 - 11/98; 1,2/99</title>
    <date value="1998/1999">1998/1999</date>
    <publisher>Institute of Macroeconomic Analysis and Development of the Republic of Slovenia</publisher>
    <xptr url="http://www.gov.si/zmar/arhiv/kazalo.html"/>
   </bibl>
   </listBibl>
  </sourceDesc>
 </fileDesc>
 <encodingDesc>
  <projectDesc>
   <p>
    This text is part of the LJU1 site contribution to the
    EU MLIS project ELAN: European Language Activity Network
    <xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/>.
   </p>
  </projectDesc>
  <editorialDecl>
   <normalization>
    <p>HTML tags removed; Quotes normalised to ", list bullets to -.</p>
   </normalization>
   <segmentation>
    <p>The digital original was converter, segmented and aligned with
    <xref url="http://www.atril.com/">Atril</xref> and the alignments hand corrected.</p>
    <p>Tokenisation into word and character (punctuation) elements
     was performed by the MULTEXT program mtlex with MULTEXT-East Slovene
     segmentation resources, and the reslults patched with Perl.</p>
   </segmentation>
   <interpretation>
    <p>Words automatically marked with context disambiguated lemma and
     MULTEXT-East morphosyntactic description. English words
     additionally tagged with BROWN-like tagset by two taggers (TnT,QTAG).</p>
   </interpretation>
  </editorialDecl>
  <tagsDecl>
   <tagUsage gi="text" occurs="3"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="group" occurs="1"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="body" occurs="2"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="seg" occurs="10010"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="w" occurs="238864"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="c" occurs="36961"></tagUsage>
  </tagsDecl>
 </encodingDesc>
 <revisionDesc>
  <change>
   <date>1999-05-12</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name>
    <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Added new issues, re-did tokenisation, conversion, Header</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>1999-05-16</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name>
    <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Added issue 8, conversion, V1.0 Header</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>1999-06-22</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Some more errors of tokenisation corrected;
     Availability statement changed.</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2001-09-06</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Slovene texts tagged with TnT trained on "1984" and
     bettered with other resources. English texts also tagged with TnT 
     trained on "1984" and additionaly with TnT trained on the Penn Treebank
     and QTag email service.
   </item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2002-04-01</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Recoded in P4/XML and prepared V2.0 for distribution.
   </item>
  </change>
 </revisionDesc>
</teiHeader>

  <text id="ecmr." lang="sl-en">
    <group>
      &ecmr-sl;
      &ecmr-en;
    </group>
  </text>
</TEI.2>
