<TEI.2 id="gnpo" lang="en-sl">
<teiHeader id="gnpo.H" type="text"
  creator="ET" status="update"
  date.created="1999-05-03" date.updated="2002-04-01">
<fileDesc>
 <titleStmt>
  <title lang="en">GNU PO localisations</title>
  <title lang="sl">GNU lokalizacije PO</title>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Primo&zcaron; Peterlin, Roman Maurer</name>
   <resp lang="en">Translation into Slovene</resp>
   <resp lang="sl">Prevod v slovenski jezik</resp>
  </respStmt>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Peter Holozan, Amebis</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Leksikalne oznake</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Lexical annotation</resp>
  </respStmt>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec, IJS</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Tokenizacija, tagiranje, pretvorba v TEI</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Tokenisation, tagging, conversion to TEI</resp>
  </respStmt>
 </titleStmt>
 <editionStmt><edition>Version 2.0</edition></editionStmt>
 <extent>353 Kb, 13 kW</extent>
 <publicationStmt>
  <distributor lang="sl">
    Odsek za inteligentne sisteme
    Institut "Jo&zcaron;ef Stefan"
    Jamova 39
    1000 Ljubljana
  </distributor>
  <distributor lang="en">
    Dept. of Intelligent Systems,
    Jozef &Scaron;tefan Institute
    Jamova 39
    SI-1000 Ljubljana
    Slovenia
  </distributor>
  <pubPlace><xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/></pubPlace>
  <availability>
   <p lang="en">This text of the corpus is available according to the 
    GNU General Public License, by the Free Software Foundation.</p>
   <p lang="sl">To besedilo korpusa je dostopno po
    GNU General Public License, spisano pri Free Software Foundation.</p>
  </availability>
  </publicationStmt>
  <sourceDesc>
      <p>The source 'texts' of the GNPO text are GNU localisation
        files (.po) for the following programs:</p>
   <listBibl>
    <bibl lang="en" default="YES">
      <title>enscript-1.6.2.sl.po</title>
      <title>fileutils-4.0e.sl.po</title>
      <title>gettext-0.10.35.sl.po</title>
      <title>grep-2.2f.sl.po</title>
      <title>hello-1.3.4.sl.po</title>
      <title>lyx-1.0.1.sl.po</title>
      <title>recode-3.4l.sl.po</title>
      <title>tar-1.12.sl.po</title>
      <title>wget-1.5.3.sl.po</title>
     <date value="1999">1999</date>
     <publisher lang="en">Free Software Foundation
       <xptr url="http://www.fsf.org/"/>
     </publisher>
     </bibl>
     <bibl lang="sl" default="NO">
      <title>enscript-1.6.2.sl.po</title>
      <title>fileutils-4.0e.sl.po</title>
      <title>gettext-0.10.35.sl.po</title>
      <title>grep-2.2f.sl.po</title>
      <title>hello-1.3.4.sl.po</title>
      <title>lyx-1.0.1.sl.po</title>
      <title>recode-3.4l.sl.po</title>
      <title>tar-1.12.sl.po</title>
      <title>wget-1.5.3.sl.po</title>
      <date value="1999">1999</date>
      <publisher lang="en">Free Software Foundation
        <xptr url="http://www.fsf.org/"/>
     </publisher>
     </bibl>
   </listBibl>
  </sourceDesc>
 </fileDesc>
 <encodingDesc>
  <projectDesc>
   <p>This text is part of the LJU1 site contribution to the
    EU MLIS project ELAN: European Language Activity Network
    <xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/>.
   </p>
  </projectDesc>
  <editorialDecl>
   <normalization>
    <p>Source files were merged, and empty and repeated translations
     removed. All formatting was removed from the original.</p>
   </normalization>
   <quotation>
    <p>All quotation marks converted to "</p>
   </quotation>
   <segmentation>
     <p>The source localisation files come pre-segmented into translation
units. This source was tokenised with MULTEXT mtseg and pre- and
post-edited with Perl conversion programs.</p>
   </segmentation>
   <interpretation>
    <p>Words automatically marked with context disambiguated lemma and
     MULTEXT-East morphosyntactic description. English words
     additionally tagged with BROWN-like tagset by two taggers (TnT,QTAG).</p>
   </interpretation>
  </editorialDecl>
  <tagsDecl>
   <tagUsage gi="text" occurs="3"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="group" occurs="1"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="body" occurs="2"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="seg" occurs="3312"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="w" occurs="13377"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="c" occurs="4102"></tagUsage>
  </tagsDecl>
 </encodingDesc>
 <revisionDesc>
  <change>
   <date>1999-05-16</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name>
    <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>V1.0 Header</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>1999-06-22</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Some more errors of tokenisation corrected.
     Availability statement changed.</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2001-09-06</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Slovene texts tagged with TnT trained on "1984" and
     bettered with other resources. English texts also tagged with TnT 
     trained on "1984" and additionaly with TnT trained on the Penn Treebank
     and QTag email service.
   </item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2002-04-01</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Recoded in P4/XML and prepared V2.0 for distribution.
   </item>
  </change>
 </revisionDesc>
</teiHeader>

  <text id="gnpo." lang="en-sl">
    <group>
      &gnpo-sl;
      &gnpo-en;
    </group>
  </text>
</TEI.2>
