<TEI.2 id="kuca" lang="sl-en">
<teiHeader id="kuca.H" type="text"
  creator="ET" status="update"
  date.created="1999-04-13" date.updated="2002-04-01">
<fileDesc>
 <titleStmt>
  <title lang="sl">Govori predsednika RS, M. Ku&ccaron;ana</title>
  <title lang="en">Speeches by the President of Slovenia, M. Ku&ccaron;an</title>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Andrej Skubic, FF</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Poravnava, zagotovitev digitalnega originala</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Alignment, provision of digital original</resp>
  </respStmt>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Peter Holozan, Amebis</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Leksikalne oznake</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Lexical annotation</resp>
  </respStmt>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec, IJS</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Tokenizacija, tagiranje, pretvorba v TEI</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Tokenisation, tagging, conversion to TEI</resp>
  </respStmt>
 </titleStmt>
 <editionStmt><edition>Version 2.0</edition></editionStmt>
 <extent>1102 Kb, 69 kW</extent>
 <publicationStmt>
  <distributor lang="sl">
    Odsek za inteligentne sisteme
    Institut "Jo&zcaron;ef Stefan"
    Jamova 39
    1000 Ljubljana
  </distributor>
  <distributor lang="en">
    Dept. of Intelligent Systems,
    Jozef &Scaron;tefan Institute
    Jamova 39
    SI-1000 Ljubljana
    Slovenia
  </distributor>
  <pubPlace><xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/></pubPlace>
  <availability>
   <p lang="en">This parallel aligned text is freely available.</p>
   <p lang="sl">To vzporedno poravnano besedilo je prosto dostopno.</p>
  </availability>
 </publicationStmt>
 <sourceDesc>
  <listBibl>
   <bibl lang="sl" default="YES">
    <title>Govori predsednika Republike Slovenije Milana Ku&ccaron;ana</title>
    <date value="1990/1995">1990 - 1995</date>
    <publisher>Urad predsednika Republike Slovenije</publisher>
    <xptr url="http://www.gov.si/upr/slo/govori.html"/>
   </bibl>
   <bibl lang="en" default="NO">
    <title>Speeches by the President of the Republic of Slovenia, Milan Ku&ccaron;an</title>
    <date value="1990/1995">1990 - 1995</date>
    <publisher>The Office of the President of the Republic of Slovenia</publisher>
    <xptr url="http://www.gov.si/upr/ang/govori.html"/>
   </bibl>
   </listBibl>
  </sourceDesc>
 </fileDesc>
 <encodingDesc>
  <projectDesc>
   <p>
    This text is part of the LJU1 site contribution to the
    EU MLIS project ELAN: European Language Activity Network
    <xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/>.
   </p>
  </projectDesc>
  <editorialDecl>
   <normalization>
    <p>HTML markup removed; Quotes normalised to ", list bullets to -.</p>
   </normalization>
   <segmentation>
    <p>The digital original was converted, segmented and aligned with
      <xref url="http://www.atril.com/">Atril</xref> and the alignments hand corrected.</p>
    <p>Tokenisation performed by the MULTEXT program mtlex with MULTEXT-East Slovene
     segmentation resources.</p>
   </segmentation>
   <interpretation>
    <p>Words automatically marked with context disambiguated lemma and
     MULTEXT-East morphosyntactic description. English words
     additionally tagged with BROWN-like tagset by two taggers (TnT,QTAG).</p>
   </interpretation>
  </editorialDecl>
  <tagsDecl>
   <tagUsage gi="text" occurs="3"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="group" occurs="1"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="body" occurs="2"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="seg" occurs="3014"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="w" occurs="68843"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="c" occurs="7933"></tagUsage>
  </tagsDecl>
 </encodingDesc>
 <revisionDesc>
  <change>
   <date>1999-05-16</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name>
    <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>V1.0 Header</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>1999-06-22</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Some more errors of tokenisation corrected.
     Availability statement changed.</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2001-09-06</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Slovene texts tagged with TnT trained on "1984" and
     bettered with other resources. English texts also tagged with TnT 
     trained on "1984" and additionaly with TnT trained on the Penn Treebank
     and QTag email service.
   </item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2002-04-01</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Recoded in P4/XML and prepared V2.0 for distribution.
   </item>
  </change>
 </revisionDesc>
</teiHeader>

  <text id="kuca." lang="sl-en">
    <group>
      &kuca-sl;
      &kuca-en;
    </group>
  </text>
</TEI.2>
