<TEI.2 id="ligs" lang="en-sl">
<teiHeader id="ligs.H" type="text"
  creator="ET" status="update"
  date.created="1999-04-06" date.updated="2002-04-01">
<fileDesc>
 <titleStmt>
  <title lang="en">Linux Installation and Getting Started</title>
  <title lang="sl">Namestitev in za&ccaron;etek dela z Linuxom</title>
  <author>Matt Welsh, Phil Hughes, David Bandel, Boris Beletsky,
Sean Dreilinger, Robert Kiesling, Evan Liebovitch, Henry Pierce</author>
  <author>Translator: Roman Maurer</author>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Roman Maurer</name>
   <resp lang="en">Translation, alignment</resp>
   <resp lang="sl">Prevod, poravnava</resp>
  </respStmt>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Peter Holozan, Amebis</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Leksikalne oznake</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Lexical annotation</resp>
  </respStmt>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec, IJS</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Tokenizacija, tagiranje, pretvorba v TEI</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Tokenisation, tagging, conversion to TEI</resp>
  </respStmt>
 </titleStmt>
 <editionStmt><edition>Version 2.0</edition></editionStmt>
 <extent>3044 Kb, 173 kW</extent>
  <publicationStmt>
  <distributor lang="sl">
    Odsek za inteligentne sisteme
    Institut "Jo&zcaron;ef Stefan"
    Jamova 39
    1000 Ljubljana
  </distributor>
  <distributor lang="en">
    Dept. of Intelligent Systems,
    Jozef &Scaron;tefan Institute
    Jamova 39
    SI-1000 Ljubljana
    Slovenia
  </distributor>
  <pubPlace><xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/></pubPlace>
  <availability>
   <p lang="en">This text of the corpus is available according to the 
    GNU General Public License, by the Free Software Foundation.</p>
   <p lang="sl">To besedilo korpusa je dostopno po
    GNU General Public License, spisano pri Free Software Foundation.</p>
  </availability>
    </publicationStmt>
    <sourceDesc>
      <listBibl>
      <bibl lang="en" default="YES">
        <title lang="en">Linux Installation and Getting Started</title>
        <author>Matt Welsh, Phil Hughes, David Bandel, Boris Beletsky,
Sean Dreilinger, Robert Kiesling, Evan Liebovitch, Henry Pierce</author>
        <publisher>Specialized Systems Consultants
          <xptr url="http://www.ssc.com/"/>
        </publisher>
        <xptr url="http://metalab.unc.edu/LDP/LDP/gs/gs.html"/>
        <xptr url="ftp://metalab.unc.edu/pub/Linux/docs/linux-doc-project/install-guide/"/>
      </bibl>
      <bibl lang="sl" default="NO">
        <title lang="sl">Namestitev in za&ccaron;etek dela z Linuxom</title>
        <author>Translator: Roman Maurer</author>
        <publisher>LUGOS: Linux User Group Of Slovenia
          <xptr url="http://www.lugos.si/"/>
        </publisher>
        <xptr url="http://www.lugos.si/delo/slo/LIGS-sl/"/>
        <xptr url="ftp://ftp.lugos.si/pub/lugos/doc/install-guide-sl/"/>
      </bibl>
      </listBibl>
    </sourceDesc>
  </fileDesc>
  <encodingDesc>
   <projectDesc>
    <p>
     This text is part of the LJU1 site contribution to the
     EU MLIS project ELAN: European Language Activity Network
     <xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/>.
    </p>
   </projectDesc>
    <editorialDecl>
      <normalization>
        <p>All formatting removed.</p>
      </normalization>
      <quotation>
        <p>All quotation marks converted to "</p>
      </quotation>
      <segmentation>
        <p>Manual into translation segments, with mtseg into tokens.</p>
      </segmentation>
   <interpretation>
    <p>Words automatically marked with context disambiguated lemma and
     MULTEXT-East morphosyntactic description. English words
     additionally tagged with BROWN-like tagset by two taggers (TnT,QTAG).</p>
   </interpretation>
    </editorialDecl>
   <tagsDecl>
   <tagUsage gi="text" occurs="3"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="group" occurs="1"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="body" occurs="2"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="seg" occurs="11546"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="w" occurs="173481"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="c" occurs="28993"></tagUsage>
   </tagsDecl>
 </encodingDesc>
 <revisionDesc>
  <change>
   <date>1999-05-16</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name>
    <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Some more patches to tokenisation (URLs, email), V1.0 Header</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>1999-06-22</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Some more errors of tokenisation corrected.
     Availability statement changed.</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2001-09-06</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Slovene texts tagged with TnT trained on "1984" and
     bettered with other resources. English texts also tagged with TnT 
     trained on "1984" and additionaly with TnT trained on the Penn Treebank
     and QTag email service.
   </item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2002-04-01</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Recoded in P4/XML and prepared V2.0 for distribution.
   </item>
  </change>
 </revisionDesc>
</teiHeader>

  <text id="ligs." lang="en-sl">
    <group>
      &ligs-sl;
      &ligs-en;
    </group>
  </text>
</TEI.2>
