<TEI.2>
  <teiHeader type="msd-library" 
   creator="ET" date.created="2000-10-30" date.updated="2002-04-01">
    <fileDesc>
      <titleStmt>
	<title>IJS-ELAN/MULTEXT-East morphosyntactic library</title>
	<respStmt>
	  <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec, IJS</name>
	  <resp>Editor</resp>
	</respStmt>
	<funder>EU MLIS Project "ELAN"</funder>
	<funder>EU Copernicus Project PL96-1142 "Concede"</funder>
	<funder>EU Copernicus Project COP106 "MULTEXT-East"</funder>
      </titleStmt>
      <editionStmt>
	<edition>IJS-ELAN V2.0</edition>
      </editionStmt>
      <publicationStmt>
	<distributor>
          <address lang="sl">
	    <addrLine>Odsek za inteligentne sisteme</addrLine>
	    <addrLine>Institut "Jo&zcaron;ef Stefan"</addrLine>
	    <addrLine>Jamova 93</addrLine>
	    <addrLine>1000 Ljubljana</addrLine>
	  </address>
         <address lang="en">
	    <addrLine>Dept. of Intelligent Systems,</addrLine>
	    <addrLine>Jozef Stefan Institute</addrLine>
	    <addrLine>Jamova 39</addrLine>
	    <addrLine>SI-1000 Ljubljana</addrLine>
	    <addrLine>Slovenia</addrLine>
	  </address>
         </distributor>
	 <pubPlace><xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/></pubPlace>
	 <availability status="free">
	  <p>Freely available.</p>
	 </availability>
      </publicationStmt>
      <sourceDesc>
	<biblFull>
	  <titleStmt>
	    <title>Multext-East/Concede: Morphosyntactic feature library</title>
	  </titleStmt>
	  <editionStmt>
	    <edition>Concede Release</edition>
	  </editionStmt>
	  <publicationStmt>
	    <distributor>MULTEXT-East Web site</distributor>
	    <address>
	      <addrLine>http://nl.ijs.si/ME/</addrLine>
	    </address>
	  </publicationStmt>
	  <sourceDesc>
	    <biblStruct>
	      <monogr>
		<title>Specifications and Notation for Lexicon Encoding</title>
                <editor>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</editor>
                <author>Bulgarian: R.Pavlov, L.Dimitrova, L.Sinapova, K.Simov</author>
                <author>Czech: V.Petkevi&ccaron;</author>
                <author>Estonian: H.J.Kaalep </author>
                <author>English: N.Ide, G.Priest-Dorman, T.Erjavec, T.Varadi</author>
                <author>Hungarian: L.Tihanyi, T.Varadi </author>
                <author>Romanian: D.Tufi&scedil;, A.M.Barbu </author>
                <author>Slovene: T.Erjavec, P.Holozan, V.Gorjanc, M.Stabej </author>
                <author>Croatian: M.Tadi&cacute; </author>
                <imprint>
                  <pubPlace>http://nl.ijs.si/ME/</pubPlace>
                  <date>2001-03-16</date>
                </imprint>
	      </monogr>
	    </biblStruct>
	  </sourceDesc>
	</biblFull>
      </sourceDesc>
    </fileDesc>
    <encodingDesc>
      <projectDesc>
	<p>EU MLIS project ELAN: European Language Activity Network
         <xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/>.
        </p>
      </projectDesc>
      <projectDesc>
	<p>MULTEXT-East:
      Multilingual Text Tools and Corpora for Central and Eastern
      European Languages. EU Copernicus Project COP106</p>
        <p>Concede:
      Consortium for Central European Dictionary Encoding.
      EU Copernicus Project PL96-1142</p>
     </projectDesc>
     <tagsDecl>
       <tagUsage gi="fLib" occurs="1">Library of Morphosyntactic Specifications</tagUsage>
       <tagUsage gi="f" occurs="490">Defined features.
         Attributes are: 
           <list>
            <item>SELECT, the languages that the feature-value is appropriate for</item>
            <item>ID, the identifier of the feature composed of the
part-of-speech code, the feature number, a period and the feature
code, e.g. id="A1.f"</item>
          </list>
        </tagUsage>
        <tagUsage gi="sym" occurs="490">A feature-value.
Attributes are:
          <list>
            <item>VALUE, the full name of the value </item>
          </list>
        </tagUsage>
        <tagUsage gi="fsLib" occurs="1">Library of Morphosyntactic Descriptions</tagUsage>
        <tagUsage gi="fs" occurs="2257">Valid morphosyntactic description for Slovene or English.
Attributes are:
          <list>
            <item>TYPE, the part-of-speech, formally the feature-structure type</item>
            <item>ID, the lexical/corpus MSD</item>
            <item>SELECT, the languages that the MSD is appropriate for</item>
            <item>FEATS, the decomposition of the MSD into
feature-value pairs. A feature is composed of the PoS code, the
position of the attribute, the full stop, and the code of the value,
e.g. A4.p for fourth attribute of Adjectives, with value code 'p'.</item>
          </list>
        </tagUsage>
      </tagsDecl>
    </encodingDesc>
    <revisionDesc>
      <change>
	<date>2002-02-05</date>
	<respStmt>
	  <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
	</respStmt>
	<item>Prepared MULTEXT-East/Concede library for inclusion with
the IJS-ELAN corpus V2: deleted FS for languages other than
Slovene/English and added those that appear due to changed Slovene
specification from the FIDA project. Caveat: old and new ones are now
mixed, should be fixed.
        </item>
      </change>
      <change>
       <date>2002-04-01</date>
       <respStmt>
        <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
       </respStmt>
       <item>Recoded in P4/XML and prepared V2.0 for distribution.
       </item>
      </change>
    </revisionDesc>
  </teiHeader>

  <text>
    <body>
      <div type="fLib">
        <head>The MULTEXT-East morphosyntactic specification</head>
        <p>&fLib;</p>
      </div>
      <div type="fsLib">
        <head>The MULTEXT-East lexical morphosyntactic descriptions
for Slovene and English</head>
        <p>&fsLib;</p>
      </div>
    </body>
  </text>
</TEI.2>
