<TEI.2 id="orwl" lang="en-sl">
<teiHeader id="orwl.H" type="text"
  creator="ET" status="update"
  date.created="1999-04-13" date.updated="2002-04-01">
<fileDesc>
 <titleStmt>
  <title lang="en">Nineteen Eighty-Four</title>
  <title lang="sl">1984</title>
  <author>George Orwell</author>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec, IJS</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Pretvorba iz korpusa MULTEXT-East</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Conversion from MULTEXT-East corpus</resp>
  </respStmt>
 </titleStmt>
 <editionStmt><edition>Version 2.0</edition></editionStmt>
 <extent>6698 Kb, 195 kW</extent>
 <publicationStmt>
  <distributor lang="sl">
    Odsek za inteligentne sisteme
    Institut "Jo&zcaron;ef Stefan"
    Jamova 39
    1000 Ljubljana
  </distributor>
  <distributor lang="en">
    Dept. of Intelligent Systems,
    Jozef &Scaron;tefan Institute
    Jamova 39
    SI-1000 Ljubljana
    Slovenia
  </distributor>
  <pubPlace><xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/></pubPlace>
  <availability>
   <p lang="en">
    This bi-text of the IJS-ELAN corpus is freely available, provided that the 
    the sources described in this Header are acknowledged.
   </p>
   <p lang="sl">
    To vzporedno poravnano besedilo korpusa IJS-ELAN je prosto dostopno, 
    pod pogojem, da se citira njegove vire, dokumentirane v tej glavi.
   </p>
   </availability>
  </publicationStmt>
  <sourceDesc>
   <listBibl>
    <bibl lang="en" default="YES">
     <title>Nineteen Eighty-Four</title>
     <author>George Orwell</author>
     <date value="1984">1948</date>
     <xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/ME/CD/docs/1984.html"/>
    </bibl>
    <bibl lang="sl" default="NO">
     <title>1984</title>
     <author>George Orwell</author>
     <author>Prevod: Alenka Puhar</author>
     <date value="1983">1983</date>
     <publisher>Knji&zcaron;nica Kondor</publisher>
     <publisher>Mladinska knjiga</publisher>
     <pubPlace>Ljubljana</pubPlace>
     <xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/ME/CD/docs/1984.html"/>
    </bibl>
   </listBibl>
  </sourceDesc>
 </fileDesc>
 <encodingDesc>
  <projectDesc>
   <p>
    This text is part of the LJU1 site contribution to the
    EU MLIS project ELAN: European Language Activity Network
    <xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/>.
   </p>
   <p>
    The digital source of this text is the updated Slovene and English
    '1984' produced in the scope of the MULTEXT-East project.
    <xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/ME/"/>
   </p>
  </projectDesc>
  <editorialDecl>
   <normalization>
    <p>Elements POEM and LIST from MULTEXT-East digital originals removed.</p>
   </normalization>
   <quotation>
    <p>Elements FOREIGN, HI, TITLE, MENTIONED, DISTINCT from MULTEXT-East digital
originals marked as opening and closing '. Ditto for element Q, with "</p>
   </quotation>
   <segmentation>
    <p>Sementation into sentences and translation segments taken from
MULTEXT-East cesAlign documents.</p>
    <p>Tokenisation and tagging taken from the MULTEXT-East cesAna documents.</p>
   </segmentation>
   <interpretation>
    <p>Words automatically marked with context disambiguated lemma and
     MULTEXT-East morphosyntactic description. English words
     additionally tagged with BROWN-like tagset by two taggers (TnT,QTAG).</p>
   </interpretation>
  </editorialDecl>
  <tagsDecl>
   <tagUsage gi="text" occurs="3"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="group" occurs="1"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="body" occurs="2"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="seg" occurs="13278"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="s" occurs="13386"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="w" occurs="194724"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="c" occurs="41390"></tagUsage>
  </tagsDecl>
 </encodingDesc>
 <revisionDesc>
  <change>
   <date>1999-04-13</date>
    <respStmt>
     <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name>
     <resp>Editor</resp>
    </respStmt>
    <item>Conversion from MULTEXT-East '1984': sl-en cesAlign, English
cesDoc, Slovene cesAna</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>1999-05-16</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name>
    <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>V1.0 Header</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>1999-06-22</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Some more errors of tokenisation corrected.
     Availability statement changed.</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2001-09-06</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Slovene texts tagged with TnT trained on "1984" and
     bettered with other resources. English texts also tagged with TnT 
     trained on "1984" and additionaly with TnT trained on the Penn Treebank
     and QTag email service.
   </item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2002-04-01</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Recoded in P4/XML and prepared V2.0 for distribution.
   </item>
  </change>
 </revisionDesc>
</teiHeader>

  <text id="orwl." lang="en-sl">
    <group>
      &orwl-sl;
      &orwl-en;
    </group>
  </text>
</TEI.2>
