<TEI.2 id="usta" lang="sl-en">
<teiHeader id="usta.H" type="text"
  creator="ET" status="update"
  date.created="1999-01-28" date.updated="2002-04-01">
<fileDesc>
 <titleStmt>
  <title lang="sl">Ustava Republike Slovenije</title>
  <title lang="en">Constitution of the Republic of Slovenia</title>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Peter Holozan, Amebis</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Leksikalne oznake</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Lexical annotation</resp>
  </respStmt>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec, IJS</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Poravnava, tokenizacija, tagiranje, pretvorba v TEI</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Alignment, tokenisation, tagging, conversion to TEI</resp>
  </respStmt>
 </titleStmt>
 <editionStmt><edition>Version 2.0</edition></editionStmt>
 <extent>364 Kb, 20 kW</extent>
 <publicationStmt>
  <distributor lang="sl">
    Odsek za inteligentne sisteme
    Institut "Jo&zcaron;ef Stefan"
    Jamova 39
    1000 Ljubljana
  </distributor>
  <distributor lang="en">
    Dept. of Intelligent Systems,
    Jozef &Scaron;tefan Institute
    Jamova 39
    SI-1000 Ljubljana
    Slovenia
  </distributor>
  <pubPlace><xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/></pubPlace>
  <availability>
   <p lang="en">
    This bi-text of the IJS-ELAN corpus is freely available, provided that the 
    the sources described in this Header are acknowledged.
    Copyright of the two digital originals for this corpus held by the
    Constitutional Court of the Republic of Slovenia,
    <xptr url="http://www.gov.si/us/"/>
   </p>
   <p lang="sl">
    To vzporedno poravnano besedilo korpusa IJS-ELAN je prosto dostopno, 
    pod pogojem, da se citira njegove vire, dokumentirane v tej glavi.
    Avtorske pravice nad digitalnima originaloma tega besedila so v lasti
    ustavnega sodi&scaron;&ccaron;a Republike Slovenije,
    <xptr url="http://www.gov.si/us/"/>
   </p>
   </availability>
  </publicationStmt>
  <sourceDesc>
   <listBibl>
    <bibl lang="sl" default="YES">
     <title>Ustava Republike Slovenije</title>
     <xptr url="http://www.gov.si/us/sus-usta.html"/>
     <date value="1997-07-17">17 julij 1997</date>
     <publisher>Ustavno sodi&scaron;&ccaron;e Republike Slovenije</publisher>
    </bibl>
    <bibl lang="en" default="NO">
     <title>The Constitution of the Republic of Slovenia</title>
     <xptr url="http://www.gov.si/us/eus-usta.html"/> 
     <date value="1997-07-17">July 17 1997</date>
     <author>Translators: Sherill O'Connor-Sraj, Garry Moore</author>
     <publisher>Constitutional Court of the Republic of Slovenia</publisher>
    </bibl>
   </listBibl>
  </sourceDesc>
 </fileDesc>
  <encodingDesc>
   <projectDesc>
    <p>
      This text is part of the LJU1 site contribution to the
      EU MLIS project ELAN: European Language Activity Network
      <xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/>.
    </p>
   </projectDesc>
  <editorialDecl>
   <normalization>
    <p>Introductory and back matter removed; not suitable for alignment.</p>
    <p>HTML elements removed</p>
   </normalization>
   <segmentation>
    <p>The original HTML documents were converted to TEIlite, and
then to the format for Vanilla aligner; the process looses all markup.</p>
    <p>Tokenisation into word and character (punctuation) elements
was performed by the MULTEXT program mtlex with MULTEXT-East Slovene
segmentation resources.</p>
   </segmentation>
   <interpretation>
    <p>Words automatically marked with context disambiguated lemma and
     MULTEXT-East morphosyntactic description. English words
     additionally tagged with BROWN-like tagset by two taggers (TnT,QTAG).</p>
   </interpretation>
  </editorialDecl>
  <tagsDecl>
   <tagUsage gi="text" occurs="3"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="group" occurs="1"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="body" occurs="2"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="seg" occurs="1630"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="w" occurs="20265"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="c" occurs="2163"></tagUsage>
  </tagsDecl>
 </encodingDesc>
 <revisionDesc>
  <change>
   <date>1999-05-16</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name>
    <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>V1.0 Header</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>1999-06-22</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Some more errors of tokenisation corrected.
     Availability statement changed.</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2001-09-06</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Slovene texts tagged with TnT trained on "1984" and
     bettered with other resources. English texts also tagged with TnT 
     trained on "1984" and additionaly with TnT trained on the Penn Treebank
     and QTag email service.
   </item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2002-04-01</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Recoded in P4/XML and prepared V2.0 for distribution.
   </item>
  </change>
 </revisionDesc>
</teiHeader>

  <text id="usta." lang="sl-en">
    <group>
      &usta-sl;
      &usta-en;
    </group>
  </text>
</TEI.2>
