<TEI.2 id="vade" lang="sl-en">
<teiHeader id="vade.H" type="text"
  creator="ET" status="update"
  date.created="1999-04-13" date.updated="2002-04-01">
<fileDesc>
 <titleStmt>
  <title lang="sl">Vademecum Lekove doma&ccaron;e lekarne</title>
  <title lang="en">Vademecum by Lek</title>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Dragana Miliki&ccaron;, Janez Jelnikar, LEK, OTP Division</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Zagotovitev digitalnega originala</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Provision of digital original</resp>
  </respStmt>
  <respStmt>
   <name>&Scaron;pela Vintar, FF</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Poravnava</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Alignment; conversion from digital source</resp>
  </respStmt>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Peter Holozan, Amebis</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Leksikalne oznake</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Lexical annotation</resp>
  </respStmt>
  <respStmt>
   <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec, IJS</name>
   <resp lang="sl">Tokenizacija, tagiranje, pretvorba v TEI</resp>
   <resp lang="en">Tokenisation, tagging, conversion to TEI</resp>
  </respStmt>
 </titleStmt>
 <editionStmt><edition>Version 2.0</edition></editionStmt>
 <extent>471 Kb, 24 kW</extent>
 <publicationStmt>
  <distributor lang="sl">
    Odsek za inteligentne sisteme
    Institut "Jo&zcaron;ef Stefan"
    Jamova 39
    1000 Ljubljana
  </distributor>
  <distributor lang="en">
    Dept. of Intelligent Systems,
    Jozef &Scaron;tefan Institute
    Jamova 39
    SI-1000 Ljubljana
    Slovenia
  </distributor>
  <pubPlace><xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/></pubPlace>
  <availability>
   <p lang="en">
    This bi-text of the IJS-ELAN corpus is freely available, provided that the 
    the sources described in this Header are acknowledged.
    Copyright of the two digital originals for this corpus held by 
    Lek, d.d., Verov&scaron;kova 57, 1000 Ljubljana</p>
   <p lang="sl">
    To vzporedno poravnano besedilo korpusa IJS-ELAN je prosto dostopno, 
    pod pogojem, da se citira njegove vire, dokumentirane v tej glavi.
    Avtorske pravice nad digitalnima originaloma tega besedila so v lasti
    podjetja Lek, d.d., Verov&scaron;kova 57, 1000 Ljubljana</p>
   </availability>
  </publicationStmt>
  <sourceDesc>
   <listBibl>
    <bibl lang="sl" default="YES">
     <title>Vademecum Lekove doma&ccaron;e lekarne 1995</title>
     <author>Gorazd Hladnik, Nata&scaron;a Kapelj, Jo&zcaron;e Kopa&ccaron;, Darja 
Temlin-Miheli&ccaron;</author>
     <date value="1995">1995</date>
     <publisher>Lek d.d., OTC sekcija</publisher>
    </bibl>
    <bibl lang="en" default="NO">
     <title>Vademecum Lek; OTC Division 1995</title>
     <author>Gorazd Hladnik, Nata&scaron;a Kapelj, Jo&zcaron;e Kopa&ccaron;, Darja 
Temlin-Miheli&ccaron;</author>
     <date value="1995">1995</date>
     <publisher>Lek d.d.; OTC Division</publisher>
    </bibl>
   </listBibl>
  </sourceDesc>
 </fileDesc>
  <encodingDesc>
   <projectDesc>
    <p>
      This text is part of the LJU1 site contribution to the
      EU MLIS project ELAN: European Language Activity Network
      <xptr url="http://nl.ijs.si/elan/"/>.
    </p>
   </projectDesc>
  <editorialDecl>
   <normalization>
    <p>Digital original converted to text with <xref url="http://www.atril.com/">Atril</xref>.</p>
    <p>Typography codes and ToC information removed</p>
    <p>Quotes normalised to ", list bullets to -</p>
   </normalization>
   <segmentation>
    <p>Digital original segmented and aligned with 
     <xref url="http://www.atril.com/">Atril</xref> and the alignments hand corrected.</p>
    <p>Tokenisation into W and C (punctuation) elements by MULTEXT
     program mtlex with MULTEXT-East Slovene segmentation resources.</p>
   </segmentation>
   <interpretation>
    <p>Words automatically marked with context disambiguated lemma and
     MULTEXT-East morphosyntactic description. English words
     additionally tagged with BROWN-like tagset by two taggers (TnT,QTAG).</p>
   </interpretation>
  </editorialDecl>
  <tagsDecl>
   <tagUsage gi="text" occurs="3"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="group" occurs="1"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="body" occurs="2"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="seg" occurs="2144"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="w" occurs="24036"></tagUsage>
   <tagUsage gi="c" occurs="4448"></tagUsage>
  </tagsDecl>
 </encodingDesc>
 <revisionDesc>
  <change>
   <date>1999-05-16</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name>
    <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>V1.0 Header</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>1999-06-22</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Some more errors of tokenisation corrected.
     Availability statement changed.</item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2001-09-06</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Slovene texts tagged with TnT trained on "1984" and
     bettered with other resources. English texts also tagged with TnT 
     trained on "1984" and additionaly with TnT trained on the Penn Treebank
     and QTag email service.
   </item>
  </change>
  <change>
   <date>2002-04-01</date>
   <respStmt>
    <name>Toma&zcaron; Erjavec</name> <resp>Editor</resp>
   </respStmt>
   <item>Recoded in P4/XML and prepared V2.0 for distribution.
   </item>
  </change>
 </revisionDesc>
</teiHeader>

  <text id="vade." lang="sl-en">
    <group>
      &vade-sl;
      &vade-en;
    </group>
  </text>
</TEI.2>
